now again with you in this
opportunity we are going to teach you
make these beautiful little flowers
Japanese very easy and simple
elaborate materials for this square
on ribbon or 3 x 3 ati fabrics
centimeters
we are going to use a pearl for the
center a circle cut out of cardboard
felt in the material that you
want to use it to place it, let's
use the silicone gun and in
this opportunity the soldering iron
the soldering iron can get it in
hardware stores or in tool stores
use a simple normal soldering iron for
crafts are very economical I hope
they get it because we are going to do many
flowers with that with that tool
then we will start to elaborate the
petals and the elaborate five petals
you can do it from the amount of
petals that you want we double the
tape in half forming a triangle
one end we take it to the
center the other end again at
center
forming of this figure then we fold
we doubled and here we have our
petals super easy simple
for those who do not have the soldering iron what
can do with the heat of the candle
here we are
burning the tips with our soldering iron
we paste and
already the petals are elaborated for
This flower
using the circle that had them
commented we started to apply silicone
and we started to place the petals
followed
we organize the petals
finally we place in the center a
little bit of silicone
pearl
and we have finished one more flower
I hope you liked this video
we wait in a next opportunity